my name is Paul Farley I only killer
Chandra I make 20 bucks to here in
killer shoulder it's a local delicacy
around and the kavanah Leitrim loan for
a part of 100 you and don't use that
don't know what it is it's a potato dish
the version they make and at the moment
is a gluten-free which is just potato
only first thing we do is we take the
potato and wash it at appeal then we
boil it add salt and magic to us watch
them feed them also then you read them
down with a grill then you take the
grated potato potahto a muslin sack and
take all the moisture out of it as much
moisture as you can guess bringing the
moisture out so then you're left with
cook potato under raw potato raw potato
then you get the raw whole potato you
mix it with the cooked potato and mixed
really really well that they can get it
that the cook would hit the the coop
with their door and the famed raw potato
mix totally true that's what to give you
the bomb the bleared the starters are
done we give you the bond to make the
potatoes stay together when you boil it
so then when you have a totally mixed
you take it I need shape a ticket with
your ecology of dumpling
you're dumping each other Boxey it's
probably around 500 grams and we take it
over
shape it into a nice dumpling shape as
you can see and then pop it into a
boiling pot of water I'm a blinding
thought of water it has to be made by us
or what
you don't burn yourself you drop it in
and you boil it I'm buying it for an
hour then you take it either water and
let it dry let it cool and dry on a
plate but now that's come in and raid
you take it in and you're ready product
usually it the day after was much nicer
it bonds and taking into itself so the
deck connects deer for breakfast dinner
ah tea you take it in slice Freya
I have it on its own I would if Ray was
a traditional breakfast dish bash my
sausage Onegin bark stick it's a big
team cabin